You have to register points.
We have the basic validation.
We are saving the data.
However, we are not using the framework as it is supposed to be used regarding its structure.
So the controller layer.
So this this controller, it's called spring MVC model view controller.
In this case, the controller is the view.
So you should not.
Um.
It's a bit ambiguous because in MVC you have one controller, which doesn't really translate to the
controller that you have, uh, in, in spring.
So in spring controller is if you layer, it should not change.
The data should not and the should not f validation should not have rules.
So the controller ideally only as changes that are related with the HDP request, HDP response and,
and this kind of of things.
What we have here, the validating requests.
It's business logic, right?
It's logic that belongs somewhere else.
And in spring, this belongs in clusters of a specific type, which is type surface.
So in surface classes is very short.
And all this kind of logic is where you should if the information that that you need.
So we're going to restructure this a bit.
Okay.
Going to create some such packages.
I am going to create my.
Uh.
User.
Package.
Okay.
The user package will get user repo.
And it will get my user.
I would refactor this.
So just finishing here.
So I have my information.
Actually, I'm going to rename this.
I don't like to have something user, user, so I'm going to change it to data and I will leave the
controller here because it's one controller per application and I will add another package which is
called service.
So in this controller, I will have all the services that I want in this package.
I will have all the services that I want.
So I'll create all my.
Authorization, service or service.
She's a class.
First thing I'm going to do is to annotate this with.
Service invitation to tell spring that this is a service plus.
Second thing I'm going to do is to add the repository here.
Use a repo.
He's a rebel.
And this is constructed perimeter.
Okay.
I can leave now.
I go to Mark, my authentication controller.
And here instead of.
Everybody is a rebel directly here.
We should not rest on the controller.
Classes should.
Unless he's very straightforward to use cases, which is not the case of of this course.
They they they need to to go to the health service.
So I'm going to outsource your health service.
I'm going to delete this and regenerates constructor again.
So I have my health service.
I will replace this by my health service.
I will clean this.
Uh, all service.
And they will call it.
Resister.
Instead of calling it safe, I will call it register.
And I no longer take a user object.
I will take the individual.
Requests.
So register requests.
BuzzFeed confirm.
Okay.
This is.
The arguments that my.
Method will take.
It doesn't exist.
I'm going to create an not service.
Okay.
And it will return user type.
This is all fine.
I mean, old service.
No.
Okay.
My email, my password.
My password to confirm.
And I will return.
User repo.
Safe.
And here I'm going to the user of.
First name.
Last name email.
And password.
Okay.
So what is still.
Left to be done.
Is to move this validation.
To insert this method.
So instead of having the validation.
There.
I will have it here.
And we're going to have through this request, we simply called passwords.
And these simple passwords, gopher.
Okay.
I zoom out CO2 if I if my authorization service class.
It does.
Register.
Register matters.
It validates if the passwords are the same and if they are not.
I get the exception.
The exception is raised anywhere.
So this exception will still generate the error that we saw.
And on my controller I have a simpler method, so I'm simply calling the register service.
I get my user.
Okay.
And then I'm creating the response only with the fields I need.
So this is how usually applications are structured.
And they still need to.
Optimize imports.
To remove.
Two imports that are not needed.
Okay.
So application is here.
If my end point, I have my request and response template, see if I need to change.
They are very accessible and I have the structure I want.
In the project wise.
I have my service here, I have my application, I have my controller, I have my service here, I have
my data classes here, they have my configuration here.
So the only thing left is to commit this nine step and we just.
Implemented.
Surface layer.